docs(readme): add common routing api (#18)
americanexpress/one-app: README.md

### Making an API call

### Routing and Navigation

One App contains a single route `<ModuleRoute moduleName={root-module-name}/>` which loads the
root-module configured by `root-module-name`. This is what makes the root module the entry
point to your application. As One App does not set a path for the root module the root module

> itself is required to have at least a single route with a path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
point to your application. As One App does not set a path by default, the root module
is required to have at least a single route with a path.
```

```js
import { Route } from '@americanexpress/one-app-router';

export function RootModule({ children, config }) {
  return <h1>Hello World!</h1>;
}
RootModule.childRoutes = [

>   <Route path="/" />,

Reviewer 2: is path the only required prop?

Author: for the router to match and load the child module, yes

];
```

> As your application grows you can also take advantage of holocron's [`ModuleRoute`](./docs/api/modules/loading-modules.md#moduleroute)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As your application grows, you can also take advantage of Holocron's [`ModuleRoute`](./docs/api/modules/loading-modules.md#moduleroute)
```
